 See, even in the implement, there's just a distal connector implementing it, right?
 Is this all related to just one PR? Because I thought it just called the REST API and then
 the REST API will just going to clean it, right? Why do we need to kind of do so much
 of code, right? To just call a REST API, right? Yeah, that's what I because if I need to implement
 this one in an X service, right? Do I need to write so much of code, right? Because then
 how is it like a common service, right? Because if we have so much of code, how is it going
 to help somebody to implement this one? Yeah, that's, yeah, because, because when I'm writing
 like a common kind of module or something that the caller should be just passing in call like
 one and then the rest should be taken care by the collateral service, right? Because now
 each and every service has its own logic, right? Yeah. And then also there's something, okay,
 the funding one, this is authorization. Okay, this is in funding, gets the same code here,
 right? Uh, and funding has little bit, uh, not sure what, what this file is doing, right?
 Yeah. Because we just, I thought the flag, right. Um, is this supposed to be the flag
 or that, yeah, we just need to make sure we eyeball the code, right? I understand it's
 generated, but they just need to eyeball the code and make sure. Yeah. Yeah. This is all
 kind of on, it should be in the collateral itself, right? At a patient be taking it right.
 And then the sanitize right down, you know, we also need to think about it. Like, so if
 we are adding this many lines of code, we just need to, because this clean up somebody
 and everything can be done in the Python service itself, right? We don't need to have this clean
 up here because the Python service is the one which is calling. So it can read the clean
 up stats to, right? We don't need to again, right here, right? Is this flag already used
 in the character remediation plan, right? Um, where is it being used? So if you look at
 this one, right? So you define the flag in the database, right? The character remediation
 enabled. Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Right. He's this one. I just want to see where does this being
 used, right? Cause we're calling this file, um, clean up service, right? And then, uh,
 cleaning up funding. Okay. I think this incident, you can correct it right down. So that at least
 you can insert into that, uh, flag, right? You said what it is meant to do. I think so.
 Right. Because you need to insert the plan here, right? Somewhere. Okay. I don't know.
 I can just approve it. But I think it's, um, it's like, um, yeah. Next time, right. We just
 need to make sure that the amount of code with I try it should be reasonable, right?
 Um, yeah. Based on. Right. So yeah. If you can just add the flag and right. So that you
 need an insubscript here, correct. To put that flag in. Yeah. If you can put it, right.
 And then see if there's anything that can be simplified here. Yeah. Okay. And this collateral
 service let me look at the collateral one. Can we just add in a file cleanup rules. Do
 we need to code it separately to train because it just a clean function, right? Or it's just
 one rule, one column, but if this is an identify, it's not going to remove from them. What does
 an identifier do? Okay. And then the funding table is nothing to find. Okay. That's the
 rules. Okay. You know, what are the scripts? I'm not sure what these scripts are. So what
 we see is it just only specifically just only going to look through those characters and
 just remove those characters, right? Other than that, it's not, I cannot add any configuration
 other than just what it is there. Correct. Because it's just going through the sanitizer
 is going through the practice and the Jason. And then it just the character isn't allowed.
 It just happened that the initial, but in the department is more likely the rule should
 be more comfortable, right? Yeah. That rightly suggest just the one thing, but we just want
 us to trim this basis, right? The function should be also being more like configuration
 right down. So these kind of studies know what all this is doing. Sorry. He's just a convert
 that to XLS X. I think the hand under there, just in check input file and call it instead
 of those that's it. Need to do broken references. Does it need to do on this upload and put file
 and there are hidden columns or something like is it going to return them as I'm with the
 resident columns. You know what I would've done, right? It's just like, because it's like
 too much of things maybe because it's just a looping through that chase on ultimately
 what it is doing. Right. It's looking through the Jason and removing the characters. What
 is not in the list. Right. So the same thing is that we already did the Excel part, right?
 Into pandas when we run, they do checks. If that's the case, we could have just added
 a simple method, right? And then just remove those cases. Right. Because we're already here,
 since we're already reading, but it gets into the pandas already. The data is in an area,
 right? You could have just done that. And then the data of the pilot ended. So yeah, this
 is like too much of code and then it's not even reusable to use somewhere, right? Because
 it's just, yeah. Anyway, let me just do the corrections, right? What we said did. And then
 let's take a list. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No. Thank you. Ross.
