Deepesh Character Whitelist Part 4
Audio transcript through 00:21:16

Machine-generated transcript, lightly normalized for known names and product terms. Speaker labels are unavailable. Content after 00:21:16 is omitted per request.

 So the user uploads the file, it goes to blob.
 We run the sanitization endpoint in Collateral service.
 So I believe that's where he wants to keep it.
 That is in Python.
 So that's the next thing.
 He runs the, we run the sanitation Collateral service.
 Well, first thing it does is this endpoint.
 Copy this file.
 And it creates a backup.
 And the different location.
 So this is what I'm thinking on a very high level.
 Now there are some things that we can do in phase two.
 Let's keep it as phase wise.
 Let's, if you call this phase one,
 then in phase two,
 we can add more logging.
 And in fact, phase 1.1, I would call it phase 1.1
 because we need to do some validation as well.
 Check user access to file.
 Meaning whether he has permission
 to access that facility or not, right?
 So that is very important.
 So that has to happen.
 That's the only check we, I can think of
 which is absolutely mandatory.
 And then phase two, we can add logging.
 So where, this is what I'm thinking.
 I can't see like, so can you, can be like,
 what is, where are we right now?
 And if you want to start,
 is there anything that you need from Srini
 or someone that is missing?
 Well, just we always, the only thing we have is
 the upload component right now
 or the existing way we upload.
 We need to, yeah, start implementing essentially.
 And, or I need to start implementing and then so that's,
 yeah, that involves collateral.
 I don't.
 No, sorry, sorry.
 Yeah, so the user has already uploaded the file to Blob
 and the file is already uploaded.
 Now, before user clicks on submit button,
 we can actually on the UI, right?
 So the way I saw the UI is user,
 use the file drag and drop control uploads the file.
 It goes and sits on to Blob.
 Once that is done, he clicks on submit.
 So what we're going to do is we're going to disable
 the submit button, let's say,
 and run this job as soon as the file is uploaded
 or not the job, but call this endpoint
 as soon as file is uploaded.
 And once that this endpoint returns of 200,
 we allow user to submit the funding file.
 So that's what we are thinking to begin with.
 Now, you know, so at this point of time,
 you only need to create an endpoint on collateral
 that can sanitize.
 So, you know, so that's where we're going to start.
 And obviously you have rules that you know.
 So you, are you aware of the fact?
 Let me confirm, the mission must be in one second.
 So if you look at this thing,
 and I'm also not very well versed, so bear with me.
 But I know there's one thing that can copy you on this.
 Are not disk, configure, no support.
 Have you looked at this data dictionary?
 Because that has list of columns that goes to the,
 that are part of the funding file?
 I haven't looked at that.
 Yeah, because this is what can determine, you know,
 what kind of values are there, like, you know,
 so these are all the columns,
 possible columns in your funding file.
 And this has the data type here.
 And I believe you have set of rules.
 I don't, I saw, Srini showed it to me once.
 There is set of rules that you want to use,
 that problematic is already running in order to sanitize.
 So let's say that, hey, if you do have that rules,
 set of rules that you want to,
 like based on which you want to sanitize?
 Yes, I have a set of rules.
 Do you mind bringing that up just real quick?
 I'm going to stop sharing.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 All right.
 Okay, I'm sorry.
 Okay, so here are the rules.
 Yeah, I don't see, sorry, no.
 You don't see my screen?
 No.
 No, it's not loading anything.
 I don't know, it's my side,
 but I'm still seeing like a blank screen.
 Okay, how about, I'm just going to send you?
 Yeah, perfect, that's fine.
 Ticket here, and you'll see the rules in the ticket,
 or the, yeah.
 Mm-hmm.
 The whitelist.
 Yeah, I know.
 Yeah, okay, perfect.
 So, do you follow whitelist?
 So these are allowed, right?
 Everything else is not allowed?
 Yes, these are, yeah, allowed whitelist.
 Okay.
 What about the dollar?
 Okay, dollar sign is allowed as well.
 Okay.
 So I think, yeah, we have a list of characters.
 So we're not, we're not looking into,
 so there are two lists.
 I know there's one default whitelist,
 and there's description whitelist based on,
 let me share my screen now.
 Please let me know once you see my screen.
 Where did that go?
 Okay, based on this, right?
 I don't think we have any description column,
 because description column I believe is usually like long,
 like 50 characters, 100 characters, right?
 But most of this is fairly small, like back at 10 here.
 So I was looking into this.
 There are a few columns, like address and city,
 they have like 60 characters.
 So what I believe is we still, to begin with,
 we're only gonna start with the default list,
 and not touch the other one, right?
 Description.
 We'll get to the description in maybe phase two
 if we need to.
 So let's just maybe start implementing this,
 like okay, so we have kind of figured out
 that we need to start working only on the default whitelist.
 We know we're gonna create an endpoint
 that will first take the backup of the file,
 originally uploaded file,
 and put it to a different location.
 And we're gonna modify the original uploaded file,
 because that's the file remaining of the system we'll use,
 right?
 That's why we are updating the original file.
 We are not dealing with any sensitive data.
 That's the assumption we are making.
 So no assessment, that sort of things.
 And even if it's there,
 we are not, we are just going off the sanitization rule.
 So we're gonna sanitize the fields.
 We're not doing any logging to begin with,
 or we can at least, if you need to log something,
 we can just dump it on the console for now.
 Hey, this is what got sanitized, this file,
 we modified this many record or something like that.
 Well, we can dump that.
 So only thing is, if we convert this into a regex
 and run it across all the cells, right?
 That's all we need to do to begin with.
 Good.
 Do you wanna do that to start with
 because it doesn't need to be configurable?
 Yes, so, yeah.
 So this needs to be configurable as well.
 That's a good point.
 We need to keep that in mind.
 But are you planning to,
 are you planning to keep that as a list in a database
 and then read from that or just, I think,
 if we, to begin with, if we just take that,
 or we can also make an entry in the database, right?
 So in the collateral database,
 if we can put that in the table,
 call it default whitelist and just dump it as it is,
 then let, have a function that converts that into a regex
 and then run the regex on,
 or whatever, yeah, I suggest, right?
 If it says, hey, there's a better way to do this,
 but I can only think of regex to do certain things like this.
 I was thinking of just taking this
 and converting into regex, and then dump it.
 The AI was, you said, like a per column,
 per column, like configurable in the database.
 Well, I mean, we dialed, this is from meetings,
 which is really as well, too.
 So this is what we came up with in the AI,
 per column, in the database,
 the per column configurable,
 either field or description,
 or yeah, field or description, but, you know, it will be-
 So you already have this list, right?
 Because I think this is what you get in the funding file.
 So you already have this list.
 You can take that, dump it, and then say,
 so you wanna do like column by column,
 like, hey, this is, because I believe this is applicable
 to the entire dataset, meaning all the columns, right?
 Why do you wanna go into the column level configuration?
 Because they wanna remove it from everything.
 They didn't say, did they say explicitly that, hey,
 because they only have two type of list, right?
 Description, which is typically on a description column,
 and the default whitelist.
 And the default whitelist is applicable to all the columns.
 Do you wanna, or we can do it in phase two.
 Again, I'm just trying to keep it barebones minimum,
 an MVP product that these guys can start looking
 and giving feedback, right?
 Then we can actually, if somebody said,
 hey, I want this to be customizable,
 then we can say, hey, can you do this for this column?
 Again, I'm just thinking loud here, right?
 I don't have a very fixed opinion on this,
 but I believe just because we have one week deadline
 and we need to deliver this, if we-
 When, see, we, in the scrum, I said sprint,
 which is two weeks, right?
 Right.
 Sorry, I did not attend it two days.
 Scrum, I had an internet issue I had to drop, but-
 We need to get that, because, and then, no one, we didn't.
 That needs to-
 We can always pull in Shane now.
 He wanted to be in the call,
 but I said, I can talk to you, but either way is fine.
 I mean, if we need, we can pull in Shane now
 and then discuss the timeline,
 which, again, I can't do anything.
 But what he told me is one week is when they want to deliver
 so that you guys start seeing
 and start giving the feedback.
 And we can start with something barebones minimum, right?
 Okay, I mean, well, so this is what we've done so far,
 right?
 I've had about three meetings with Srini,
 and then I've guided AI from what we discussed
 to come up with the program.
 So, like, that's one of the things that AI came up with.
 And then, you know, we can, I guess, we can change it,
 but I was thinking that, you know,
 since that's what Srini was discussing,
 what we were discussing, you know,
 some decisions that we came up with,
 and it's been going back and forth with him as far as,
 you know, showing him, and then he said,
 okay, yeah, let's, so we've come up with the decisions
 that are in the plan.
 There's that two files I sent you.
 One is the concise, the one is the long plan.
 And so, you know, a lot of those decisions are in there.
 Yeah.
 So to begin implementing.
 So, that's kind of where.
 Because I see this lot of, like, if you want,
 I can actually, we can go over the plan as well now,
 if that helps.
 Because I'm also trying to gather more information here,
 right, because some of these things I think is,
 I wouldn't call it overkill,
 but for lack of better word, I'm using overkill.
 Things like, you know, your communication, right?
 Because I don't think we need to pass user token.
 Because if you just, if the collateral straight away
 has the permission, which I believe it has,
 or it can be added, it can just directly go
 and sanitize the file, right?
 That's all it's trying to do here.
 There are things like per column.
 I don't know, so let's talk about the per column
 for a minute, right?
 So, so you're going to have per column,
 list of character that is allowed, that is not allowed?
 Yes, and the perp, and they would all draw from the,
 either the default, well, the default is essentially,
 let's say.
 Yeah, we can also do that, right?
 So if we can take the default list to begin with
 and just copy it all over for all the columns,
 and in future, if we need to remove certain things,
 we can actually remove them.
 That's absolutely makes sense, right?
 Just start with the default list for every column.
 So we already have list of columns
 in the form of data dictionary.
 We can, how many columns are there?
 About 196 column.
 Yeah, so we can do that.
 And if we encounter a different column,
 we just use the, apply the default list there,
 and then see how it goes.
 So which is fine, we can still have the column logic there.
 Because some of these things are not needed.
 UI process submit sends,
 sanitize document reference owner links the document
 to the parent request and continues normal validation.
 Because that's the, so what I suggested will avoid that,
 because you're creating a backup of the original file,
 and you're just modifying the other file, right?
 The user uploaded.
 And so there's no need to link and all that stuff,
 because if you link and we change the file name
 or something like that, then we need to go back
 and update funding as well,
 and tell funding, hey, this document got changed.
 So the way it works is when the user uploads a file,
 we make entity into a document,
 there's a table called documents,
 where we have a document ID,
 and we append it to the file name.
 So the file name always is like document ID,
 underscore file name is what we use,
 and funding have a reference of that now,
 that's how funding knows that, hey,
 this is the file available,
 what's the blob location and all that stuff.
 So we don't wanna change that
 once the user has dumped the file,
 or if we just take a backup and dump the backup
 in another blob storage before we start sanitizing the file,
 and then just make changes to the original file,
 that will take care of it.
 And some of these things can easily change, right?
 Because for us, the heart and soul of this is,
 this endpoint called sanitize.
 And as long as it is able to,
 given a path, it's able to sanitize the file,
 what happens around it,
 we can easily change that at any point of time.
 So.
 The way we currently had it was in the design,
 was when the UI asks Collateral to clean,
 to sanitize the file,
 Collateral asks the owner,
 which would be funding or digital connect,
 to give me temporary access to the document
 for that user, right?
 So that's the permission,
 the permission there, right?
 And then, so if that checks out,
 then it gets,
 then it gets two short lived links,
 one to read the original file,
 and one to write the clean file,
 so that's the way,
 and so Collateral would use those to pull the file
 from the Azure, clean it,
 and then put the clean copy back.
 That's also fine, right?
 So we can make request to an endpoint and funding,
 let's say we are only doing the funding or digital connect,
 but let's just, it's gonna be same.
 So let's take funding as an example.
 We have an endpoint in funding called sanitize,
 for example, as soon as we call that,
 it checks whether the user has access
 to that facility or not.
 Step two, it gives you a short lived token,
 and funding itself either calls Collateral,
 or we return this to the UI,
 and now UI go and call using that token,
 using the SAS token, call sanitize service
 or Collateral service,
 then Collateral service,
 basically goes and does the cleanup, right?
 And in this case, we're not writing a new file,
 we're gonna update the existing file
 and take a backup of it before updating it.
 So there's no need to,
 obviously we need to read access,
 write access and read access,
 but we don't need to create a new file in that regard.
 I mean, we are creating a new file,
 but only when we're creating a backup.
 So that way, now funding does not need to be disturbed.
 See, the SAS token and giving access to Collateral,
 we can always modify that.
 Again, heart and soul of this is,
 let's start with this guy, right?
 This guy has to exist today,
 and what happens around it,
 we can easily change that.
 That's plug and play in my mind.
 So can we implement this?
 Let's talk about this endpoint, right?
 I think the first thing that we need is,
 if you go column wise,
 let's dump this into a table
 and have list of characters that are allowed
 for each column.
 And I mean, if it, we can do this way, right?
 If it is set, we just take it.
 If it's not set, we just apply the default parameters,
 the default list for any column.
 So in the database, if, let's say,
 let's say only two column exists.
 One is called a certificate collateral
 and one is called certificate name,
 and that tells you,
 hey, these are the characters that you need to allow,
 that is allowed.
 We're gonna standardize everything else.
 And if you don't find records for any of the column,
 we just use the default list.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 So let's, do you wanna start maybe this with this
 and maybe I can create the other endpoints
 on funding and other sites?
 If you wanna start.
